people talk about limits new
technologies are incredibly complicated
many faraway places can't be reached
some challenges are just too tough to
overcome even in the world of dental
care one can choose to see limitations
when it comes to dental care add in
dental implants expands the way of
thinking to help our customers to leave
their limits behind add in dental
implants stands at the forefront of
cutting-edge technology painting a new
horizon for the implant industry and
committing to quality service add-in is
the only dental implant company to
receive the Israeli outstanding exporter
award with over 20 years of experience
we provide dentists and dental
technicians with a wide range of
state-of-the-art innovative dental
implant solutions our focus on highly
professional research and development
ensures the production of high-end
technological products as well as
quality assurance at the highest level
for the past 22 years we have worked
closely with the industry's leading
dental professionals and universities
staying in touch with the most
up-to-date industry knowledge we place
great emphasis on outstanding customer
service that ensure successful
implantology from the simplest
restorative treatment to the most
complex surgical case our solutions are
accessible and affordable to our
customers anywhere anytime successful
treatments satisfied dentists and
smiling patients are our reward our
flagship products are making headlines
within the International dental market
and have positioned us as one of the
world's premier implant
manufacturers
I can truly say that Adhan has become
one of my favorites it's a reliable
user-friendly and very well designed
system with large biomechanical
qualities excellent performance
incredible primary stability with high
predictability and great success rate
the ongoing collaboration with leading
universities and professionals resulted
in high performance positioning Adhan at
the front of the industry the civility
achieved during surgery is excellent the
soft tissue healing as well has been
excellent resulting in great aesthetics
and very happy patients our creative
thinking process and daring professional
approach leaves all limits behind we
invite you to move forward and join the
attend ental implants family there's no
limit to what you can accomplish